feat: add signed commits capabilities (#5820)
goreleaser/goreleaser: www/docs/includes/repository.md

        # Default: 'ssh -i {{ .KeyPath }} -o StrictHostKeyChecking=accept-new -F /dev/null'.
        # Templates: allowed.
        ssh_command: 'ssh -i {{ .Env.KEY }} -o SomeOption=yes'

>       # Git commit author used to commit to the repository.
>       # Templates: allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # Git commit author used to commit to the repository.
      #
      # <!-- md:inline_version v2.11 -->
```
